# mpcmp 0.3.7
  * Exported more functions to NAMESPACE as requested by @yangchino1. 
  * Patched a bug in `predict.cmp` that failed to handle new data with factors in it. 
  
# mpcmp 0.3.6
  * Added `autoplot` as an alias to `gg_plot`. Credit to Emi Tanaka  (@emitanaka) for this suggestion.
  * Also patched an issue in the Rcpp code to pass cran check for solaris.
  * There are also other minor QOL improvements. 
# mpcmp 0.3.5
  * Added `broom` `tidier` methods support. Specifically added method for `tidy()`, `glance()` and `augment()`.   
  * `summary()` was rewritten in order to support `tidier` methods.
  * Also added method for `vcov()`, `confint()`, `influence()`, `hatvalues()`, `rstandard()`, `cooks.distance()`.

# mpcmp 0.3.4
  * Added Github action support.  
  * From this version onward, `glm.cmp()` no longer uses `getnu()`. 
  * General fixes for cran checks.
  * Blog post! 

# mpcmp 0.3.3

  * Optimised `rcomp()` a bit by precalculating all the `dcomp()` values. Credit to Guilherme Parreira (@guilhermeparreira) for the issue request. 
  * Documentations are now generated by Roxygen version 7.1.0.

# mpcmp 0.3.2

  * Fixed an issue that `offset` term cannot be incorporated properly in the mean model. Credit to Sean Hardison (@seanhardison1) for finding this bug.
  
# mpcmp 0.3.1

  * Added the `model.matrix()` to extract model matrix from a fitted object. 
  * Documentations are now generated by Roxygen version 7.0.2.

# mpcmp 0.3.0

  * Updated `glm.cmp()` to allow varying dispersion. You can now link the dispersion parameters to some covariates via a log-link.
  * Most calculations are now performed inside `fit_glm_cmp_const_nu()` and
  `fit_glm_cmp_vary_nu()`. 
  * Functions such as `print()`, `summary()` are updated to support the updated `glm.cmp()`. 
  * Added spelltest as part of the testing procedure. 
  * Added the `sitophilus` dataset to demonstrate the updated `glm.cmp()` function. 
```R
data(sitophilus)
M.sit <- glm.cmp(formula = ninsect ~ extract, formula_nu = ~extract, 
data = sitophilus)
summary(M.sit)
```

# mpcmp 0.2.1

  * Added travis.CI support. 
  * New functions `gg_plot()`, `gg_histcompPIT()` and `gg_qqcompPIT()` are added to provide the ggplots version of the diagnostic plots. 
  * The package now depends on a more recent version of R ($\geq$ 3.2). 

# mpcmp 0.2.0

  * Added a `NEWS.md` file to track changes to the package. 
  * Added a draft logo to the package.
  * Ribeiro Jr et al. (2018) specification of the CMP model is utilised to provide a better initial estimate for the dispersion parameter. Added `comp_mu_loglik_log_nu_only()` to facilitate the optimisation. 
  * `Z()`, the normalizing constant function, approximates its true value via (a fixed) truncation. This means the approximation would fail if the mean is large. 
  The followings are implemented as a fix:
    - A new function `logZ()` is created, based on a similar function in the `cmpreg` package of Ribeiro Jr, Zeviani & Demétrio (2019), and will supersede `Z()` due to its superior numerical stability.
    - A Chebyshev's inequality type argument is now implemented to have a more flexible upper truncation point. 

    `glm.cmp()`, `dcomp()`, `pcomp()`, `qcomp()`, `rcomp()` and functions that calculate expected values are updated to take advantage of these changes. 

```R
sum(0:500*dcomp(0:500,100,1.2))
sum(0:500*dcomp(0:500,150,0.8))
qcomp(0.6, 150, 1.2)
```
* Added the `fish` dataset as a proof of concept that `glm.cmp()` can handle some larger count data. 
```R
data(fish)
M.fish <- glm.cmp(species~ 1+log(area), data=fish)
max(M.fish$fitted.values)
```
* `comp_lambdas()` now has the ability to scale up \& down `lambdaub` so that the correct $\lambda$s can be found even if they are outside the preset boundary.  

# mpcmp 0.1.4
* `model.matrix()` now retrieves the design matrix of the model properly. 
* `glm.cmp()` gains a few standard glm arguments: `start`, `contrasts`, `na.action`, `subset`.

# mpcmp 0.1.3

* First major release of the package. 
